##info
name: Aries
info: God of war, fiery temper.
image: aries
#tree
##a1
text: You have decided to play as Aries, God of courage, strength, and the trial of battles. Are you ready to take on the challenges?
image:
a2: Yes.
a3: No.
##a3
text: You did absolutely nothing.
image: skull
a4:ok.
##a2
text: Mount Olympus shines so brightly with the setting sun. You think to yourself, you’ll think about tomorrow when you’ll…
image: Mount Olympus
a5: See Hephaestus about those new weapons.
a6: Go down to a village.
##a6
text: Where would you like to go?
image:
a7: Lissinth.
a8: Ephystus.
a10: Bourorion.
##a10
text: You go to sleep and when you wake up you go to Bourorion. When you arrive there you see ginormous ships coming and going from the port. There you notice a fishing shack that is selling fishing gear, and you also see a beautiful boat with a for sale sign on it. Would you like to buy the boat or go fishing?
image: Bourorion
a11: Buy the boat.
a12: Go fishing.
##a12
text:You go and take one of the fishing poles. You’re about 10 feet away when someone yells at you. Do you ignore them or do you listen to what they’re saying?
image: Bourorion
a13: Listen to them.
a14: Ignore them.
##a13
text: You turn around and listen to them they say “you gotta pay for those fishing poles. They’re not free, you know.” Just then he realizes who you are you see a look of other terror on his face immediately bow down and apologizes and says you can take the fishing pole you tell him to rise, and he asks if you will do him a favor
image: Bourorion
a15: Tell him no and punish him for trying to make you pay for that fishing pole.
a16: Tell him yes, but somewhere down the line he will have to give you a favor.
a17: tell him no.
a18: tell him yes.
##a16
text: He agrees and says, “Can you talk to Poseidon and tell him that we need fish?” You sigh and tell him that you’ll talk to Poseidon. He then runs back to his fish shack. Should you go talk to Poseidon now you think that he’s currently in Lissinth? It will probably be a lengthy journey.
image: Bourorion
a19: Go see Poseidon now
a20: See him later
##a15
text: How should you punish him?
Image: Bourorion
a21: Burn his house down.
a22: Rob him.
##a5
text: You go to sleep for the night. When you wake up, you go down Hephaestus’s forges where you ask him about your:
Image: the forges
a23: New sword.
a24: New chest plate.
a25: New helmet.
a26: New shield.
##a23
text: He turns around and when he turns back, he hands you a most wonderful, excellent, sturdy, beautiful sword made of silver and copper. What do you say?
Image: the forges
a27: Thank you. This will do for slaying some great beast.
a28: Turn away and leave.
##a27
text: He nods and you leave. Where do you go next?
Image: the forges
a30: Village
a31: Forest
##a30
text: Which village would you like to go to?
image: the forges
a32: Bourorion
a33: Magnacuse
a34: AMPHAIZI
##a32
text: You go to sleep and when you wake up you head to Bourorion. When you arrive there you see ginormous ships coming and going from the port. There you notice a fishing shack that is selling fishing gear, and you also notice a beautiful boat with a for sale sign on it. Would you like to buy the boat or go fishing?
image: Bourorion
a35: Go fishing
a36: Buy the boat
##34
text: When you get to AMPHAIZI there are many schools and libraries. Almost every everybody has their nose in a book. They obviously worship Athena. should you get revenge?
image: AMPHAIZI
a37: Yes
a29: No
##a37
text: How should you do it, with fire or your new sword?
image: AMPHAIZI
a38: Fire
a39: New sword
##a39
text: With 1000 blows from your sword, the town is gone. Nobody remains. What do you do now?
image: AMPHAIZI
a40: Go to a different town
a41: Loot houses
##a29
text: You decide you do not feel like getting revenge today. As you walk through the town, you notice a tavern, a temple, a school, and a library. Which one do you want to go into?
image: AMPHAIZI
a42: The library.
a43: The school.
a44: The tavern.
##a42
text: When you walk in, you see that the walls are lined with floor to ceiling bookshelves. There must be 10,000 books. Do you look for a specific book or just comb the aisles?
image: library
a45: Look for a specific book.
a46: Comb the aisles.
##19
text: As you’re traveling along the road you run into a broken caravan. It looks like it has some supplies in it. It also looks like an animal might’ve made it its home. Would you like to loot it but risk facing a potentially dangerous animal, or would you like to leave it be and continue on the road?
image: road
a46: Investigate the caravan.
a45: Continue on the road.